Since I've gotten the vertical slice working again and I'm feeling overwhelmed by all the stuff I have to do, it's time to choose a new subproject.

I'm going to start with a small overhaul to the sprite system since it's pretty awful to work with currently, which should only take about 2 days hopefully.

After that, I could build more foundational systems to support assets I'll create in the future (e.g. chain lightning), but I don't want to overreach. Let's get some asset work done first. I had a lot of trouble with creativity on demand in my last game, so this time I'm going to brainstorm a bunch of random bullshit and organize it. It's a lot easier to make iterative improvements to a large body of random data than it is to create a large body of perfect data.

Now, the sprite system. I'm currently way too dependent on flipbooks to throw those out, so let's work with that as a requirement/axiom.

C++ classes that use sprites include experience shard, attacks, and combatants. The experience shard is just one sprite, maybe with some palette swaps, so I can just discard that as trivial. 

Flipbooks ultimately derive from .png images (ASK CHATGPT IF THERE IS ANOTHER WAY WITH LESS STEPS).

Sprites and their users are pretty much 1-to-1. Close enough that I'd rather duplicate data than use the same sprite for two objects.

The existing system requires the following files for each object
1. a GIMP file
2. a .png file
3. a sprite file
4. a flipbook file
5. a template file (e.g. UWeaponTemplate)

Since these are all pretty much one to one, I could just put all 5 of them in a folder, and have a folder for each object, which is usable, but a bit of a pain.

There would then be no informational reason to keep a global register of all the different types of objects, since it already exists in the form of the filesystem.

I could place tags on them so that external workers can sort by certain criteria, like a "Player" tag or an "attack" tag.

So the instruction flow for spawning a new object that has a sprite would be:
0. Come to the conclusion that the AActor corresponding to a specific BaseTemplate "Template" should be spawned at position X
1. Construct AActor of type Template._actorType at position X
2. Pass Template to new AActor via initialise function
	2a. Store template as TObjectPtr<const UBaseTemplate>
3. AActor::BeginPlay runs
	3a. Check validity of initialisation data
	3b. Extract raw fields from template and into other member variables
	3c. Extract data asset references from template and load them, then either store them or use their data for initialisation

So for example:
0. ProjectileFactory::Activate runs and it has a reference to a UAttackTemplate* for arrow
1. Construct AProjectile
2. Call AProjectile::initialise_AProjectile with transient attributes and direction as well as a reference to Template or Template._config
	2. Store a reference to _config
3. AProjectile::BeginPlay
	3a. Check validity of Super, _config, attributes, and direction
	3b. Initialise via attributes
	3c. Call AAttackActor::BeginPlay
	3d. Use flipbook referenced in _attackConfig to initialise sprite  

This differs from the existing system in the following ways:
1. Instead of storing a sprite Enum, store a reference to a sprite flipbook- no downsides, just cutting out the middle man
....and that's pretty much it.

Note that this is not 1 to 1 and allows for reuse, but I don't see any other way to do it since I don't want to embed the flipbooks. 
Tags can be in the form of an Enum, then just give each template a TArray<ETag>. 
This one change does entirely remove the need to recompile for new assets, however. (Assuming you have the right ETags already). 

I'll need to ask ChatGPT once I have wifi if there's a better way to make flipbooks than the sequence of 4 files with the same steps every time. 

ALSO
So far sprites use a mix of physics collision and sprite collision, which is unideal. I want player collision to be pixel perfect for sure. 
Since 
1. The only two types of sprites in the game (ignoring exp) are combatants and attacks
2. attacks move faster than combatants on average
3. combatants must be pixel perfect
4. there are more attacks than combatants

I should make attacks use ONLY physics and combatants use ONLY overlap. That way I can avoid shrink wrapping every single sprite, which speeds up the process a good bit. It does mean that quickly moving/low fps combatants can then teleport through each other without interacting, but it's hard to think of a situation where that would happen.

So, summary of sprite overhaul:
1. Place a reference to the flipbook asset in the UBaseConfig subclass (1 in UCombatantConfig and 1 in UAttackConfig is fine)
2. Reprogram ACombatant and AAttackActor to set flipbook from that reference
3. Remove USpriteManager and SpriteEnum to their own non-compiled folder
4. Remove shrink wrap on attack sprites
5. Ask ChatGPT if it can streamline the flipbook creation process.
